Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 5]
[Longing Heart]
What?
See who before I go, now?
He's like a mouse who's
considerate of the cat.
Mr. Kang.
Mr. Kang!
what if I do that...
and end up not wanting
to leave, forever?
What is he planning to do then?
[Han Ji Soo]
Let's go back.
Because...
Ji Soo will definitely be
waiting for me there.
Because this definitely won't be
the last time that I see her.
Because I'll be able to see her again.
Mr. Kang.
Are you really quitting?
So Kang Shin Woo told you, huh?
By any chance...
Is it because of me?
Is it because I make you
feel uncomfortable, and...
Look at you,
saying unnecessary things again!
It's just that something came up
so I'm leaving without
much prior notice, is all.
Where are you going?
This won't be the last time
I see you, right, Mr. Kang?
Let's make a promise...
to meet again one day, for sure.
There's one final thing
that I wanted to say to you.
Sometimes, you can be wrong or misguided
when it comes to your own feelings.
And so, you can end up
deceiving yourself.
But...
this part of you
never lies.
So look deep into your heart and
figure out who it is that you truly like.
Because, when you do...
this part of you, right here,
will send you a signal.
Thanks for everything up until now.
Thanks...
for liking me.
I mean it.
Thanks so much.
You have to take care now, okay?
Until we meet again.
Thank you.
Really.
Mr. Kang.
Didn't you have thoughts
like this, too...
when you liked your
first love, Mr. Kang?
Things like, "I wish I could be alone
with that person for just one day."
Mr. Kang.
I won't...
make you feel uncomfortable anymore.
Don't get the wrong idea.
I'm not crying because I was wrong.
I also knew...
that this was the correct answer.
But I can't help it.
Sometimes, you can be wrong or misguided
when it comes to your own feelings.
And so, you can end up
deceiving yourself.
But...
this part of you
never lies.
So look deep into your heart and
figure out who it is that you truly like.
Because, when you do...
this part of you, right here,
will send you a signal.
You quit your job at the school?
That's why I'm wandering
around like this today.
So this is what an unemployed
person's afternoon is like? It's nice.
Oh, come now.
Your mind will just start wandering since
you'll be bored with nothing to do.
There's nothing good about that.
I was always really busy,
ever since I graduated high school.
I had to work at part-time jobs
while attending school.
Then I went to the military,
graduated, and got a job.
It's the first time I've ever relaxed
on a weekday afternoon like this.
Wow, you sure lived
a diligent life, Mr. Kang!
I don't know who your mother is,
but she must be so proud of you!
I'd be so happy if she were.
I lived my life in a diligent way so that
my mother could look down at me
and be proud of me.
Oh, you're such a filial son, Mr. Kang!
Oh, I'm in the mood for
a little bit of fun!
Want to do a bit of day-drinking with me
since neither of us have plans today?
I'd love to!
I'll make you some fish cake soup!
- Fish cake soup?
- Yes!
Let's hurry and go!
Thank you so much!
So, did you play
two women at once?
I told you, I've liked only
one woman for ten years!
You borrowed money from her,
then, didn't you?
What reason would I have had to borrow
money from a girl, at 18 years old?
Oh, I'm so curious!
Why did your first love tell you,
"I don't want to see you again"
after seeing you for the first time
in ten years, then?
And go as far as to say that you two
were bad for each other?
Her words exactly!
But now, things went well with her
which is why you're going back, right?
Well, it's a bit complicated.
It's not exactly all resolved
at this very moment
but I'm guessing that
everything will be all right
when I get back and see her.
That's my guess, anyway.
I seriously have no idea
what young people mean
when they talk about their love lives!
I do get one thing, though.
You and my Shin Woo are both the type
to get really hung up over their regrets.
I mean, you said that you waited 10 years
without confessing to your first love!
My Shin Woo is exactly the same way
when it comes to those things.
You... knew that Shin Woo
liked someone?
It'd be weird if I didn't know!
I am his mother, after all!
You know...
it's the first time I've seen
Shin Woo act like this
in the 18 years I've raised him.
He keeps waking up early every morning
even though I don't wake him up.
So, one day, I followed him.
And then, I saw him taking the bus
with this pretty little girl!
I could tell just by watching him that
my Shin Woo's heart was racing!
Oh, my son!
Goodness.
After my husband
passed away early
I got so busy with trying to
make a living, that I...
wasn't really able to be there
all the time for my kids.
But still, even by hearing the sound of
my kids opening the door and coming in...
I can tell if they're happy, sad,
tired, or if they need to poop.
I know exactly how they're feeling.
Oh, and you proved my son's innocence!
And yet, I almost sent you away
without even properly thanking you.
Instead of thanking me...
just promise me one thing, ma'am.
A promise?
To be honest, the reason why I came
by today was to ask you this favor.
Don't ask me why.
You just have to do this for me, okay?
No matter what happens.
Sure.
You'll be getting a call
from your sister soon.
And when you do...
you mustn't go to see her,
no matter what.
You mean, my kids' aunt?
You have to...
promise me this, okay?
You mustn't go.
No matter what.
Am I done doing everything
that needed to be done here, now?
You'll be getting a call
from your sister soon.
And when you do...
you mustn't go to meet her,
no matter what.
You mustn't go.
No matter what.
Where are you going?
This won't be the last time
that I see you, right, Mr. Kang?
Let's make a promise...
to definitely meet again one day.
Give it one more try.
This is...
Just trust me, and try
confessing one more time.
The end result of your first love
has to be different than
mine, don't you think?
Will...
the future really have changed
when I go back?
Will I...
be able to meet
everyone again?
No.
If I stay here...
everything will
just get messed up.
I'll definitely be able to see...
everyone again.
We have a patient in critical condition!
150 Joules!
Charge!
If we were fated to meet,
it was definitely for a bad reason.
Let's never see each other again,
for both our sakes.
Ugh, damn it!
[September 28th, 2007]
Pills don't work...
and incense doesn't work, either!
How on earth am I supposed to go back?
Damn it!
Hey, what are you doing, Mister?
It's dangerous, so hurry up
and get out of there, okay?
Mister!
What year is it right now?
Jeez, what kind of nonsense is this?
This is weird.
Why isn't it working?
What kind of bullshit is this?
Seriously!
And in the middle of the night, too.
Falling from a high place doesn't work,
and getting hit by a car doesn't work!
How many days have I been
trying to go back, already?
I can't go back,
no matter how hard I try!
At this rate, I'll end up
going back all right
Back into the earth, when I get buried!
I wonder if the kids
are doing okay?
I'm sure of it. Mr. Kang was
lying about his schooling.
That's why he left all of the sudden,
without any warning!
You know how they've really been
cracking down on that stuff lately.
Oh, no way!
I told you, I definitely
heard him say
with his own mouth that he
graduated from our school!
But I can't find his name
or photo anywhere!
- Really?
- Yeah, yeah!
And he's not in any of
the yearbooks, either!
I think he definitely lied
about his education.
Hey, everyone!
Our homeroom teacher is coming!
Hey, this is super rare!
Oh... really?
I got it on my first try.
Hey.
Is that the reason why you ate
10 loaves of bread yesterday?
Yeah.
You're out of your mind.
Choo Geun Deok!
Quiet down, over there!
Kang Shin Woo and
Han Ji Soo talked a lot, too!
Oh, hello, there. Hello.
Damn it!
Hey, Choo Geun Deok!
What are you doing?
I'm... emptying the garbage can.
Take this too, then.
Did you drink alcohol again
last night, Ms. Baek?
Did you bite someone again?
What do you think I am, a dog?
I don't bite whenever I drink!
But you know, Choo Geun Deok.
How did you know that I
bite when I'm drunk?
Ow! Ow! Ow!
Um... Shin Woo told me.
Damn it, why did that bastard have
to go around telling people that?
So, um... why did you drink alcohol?
Oh, I went on a blind date.
What?
With who?
With Shin Woo's older sister's
older colleague from work.
older colleague from work?
Then, they're probably
not even from Seoul!
What, am I supposed to
wait for a guy from Seoul
in a middle-of-nowhere town like this
and eventually die a spinster, then?
It's fine, as long as they
meet my other qualifications.
Qualifications?
Like what?
Being older than me.
I'm into guys that are
older than me, you see.
Someone who I could call "Big Brother."
Hey, guys.
How can I have a girl
call me "big brother"
even if I was born
later than her?
- What are you saying?
- Hey.
What?
Look at this, look at this!
Oh my gosh, Big Brother!
He's so cool!
Oh my gosh, look at him dance!
He's so cool when he does that!
Oh, Big Brother!
She's mooning over him,
even though I ate all that bread for her!
Hey!
Those guys are younger
than you, all right?
Why are you calling them
"big brother?"
What are you saying?
I'll call him "big brother" if he
has more money than me.
- Oh, so cool!
- That's it!
Oh.
By the way, have you heard, Shin Woo?
About what?
So Ra told me that Ji Soo may be
leaving to study abroad.
What?
Studying abroad?
What are you doing tomorrow?
It's the weekend, after all.
Should all of us go somewhere
and have fun together?
Sorry, but I have to go here tomorrow.
[Study Abroad Info Session 2007]
So you're really...
going to study abroad?
No, I'm not going.
But my mom and dad said they'll stop
nagging me about it if I just go to this.
And it looks like I'll have to take the
ferry off the island too, thanks to that.
Hey, that's a relief!
I was worried that you'd say that
you'd actually leave!
To be honest, I was considering going
when my parents first brought it up.
But I ultimately decided to stay here.
Why?
Just because... I felt like it.
Oh yeah.
Why are you only sticking
that one on your pencil case?
I have to stick it here so that
I can look at it often.
I think I kind of understand
why you want to stay here.
[New Patient Form]
I'm here because I have a cold.
You... were born in 1990?
Yes.
Um, yes, I was born in 1990.
Then, you're a second year
in high school right now?
Don't I look like I am?
Sir!
Using someone else's personal
information to receive medical care
is a violation of the
National Health Insurance Act...
Wait!
That really is my citizen ID number!
Look!
Call the police.
Oh!
Aren't you Shin Woo's teacher?
I heard you quit working at the
school, but you're still here?
I have to tell Na Hee.
Whoa, no!
No, you can't!
I'm... I'm leaving today.
Today...
Where are you going,
in this state?
You definitely seem like you need
to be nursed back to health.
Well, um, so...
I'm going to a much bigger hospital
that isn't on this island.
Don't tell anyone you saw me,
okay? You can't tell anyone!
I already said my goodbyes and
everything! How embarrassing!
Ugh!
Excuse me, sir!
If he was born in 1990,
I was born in 1999!
What a joke.
Huh?
This belongs to Kang Shin Woo.
So why does his homeroom
teacher have this?
Hey.
None of the socks are
matched properly.
What's the matter?
Did something happen?
Mom.
Are interpersonal relationships
predetermined?
Interpersonal relationships?
I keep trying my best,
but things won't work out for me.
So it's making me wonder if things are
just fated to not work out between us.
Ugh.
There's no such thing as a predetermined
interpersonal relationship
or an interpersonal relationship
that was doomed from the start.
You have to take the chances that are
given to you to turn it into "fate."
You may be fated to be together.
But if you don't take the
chance that is given to you
it'll just become a passing breeze.
Oh, you.
Why do you over-think things
so much when you're a guy?
At this rate, you'll end up like
your homeroom teacher!
Why are you bringing up
Mr. Kang all of the sudden?
Be good to your mother.
Pardon?
You don't know, do you?
That the reason why your mother is taking
medicine is because she has bad knees.
What?
Mom.
Do you have bad knees, mom?
How did you know?
Do you have x-ray vision?
My homeroom teacher told me.
How is it that Mr. Kang knows me
better than my own son?
Come to think of of it, there were
some things about him that were weird.
He knows way too much about me.
And sometimes, he acted as if
he knew what was going to happen.
Maybe he's psychic?
Psychic?
Oh, as if!
He's so kind and friendly.
I'd have no other wish in the world
if you grew up to be like him!
Oh, it's fine. You don't have to.
I'm sure your hands hurt.
Just sit still.
Want me to massage your
shoulders for you, too?
Could you please?
- There we go.
- Oh, that feels great.
- It does?
- Yeah.
[Ji Soo]
Have you heard, Shin Woo?
So Ra told me that Ji Soo may
be leaving to study abroad.
Study abroad?
You have to take the chances that are
given to you to turn it into "fate."
You may be fated to be together.
But if you don't take the
chance that is given to you
it'll just become a passing breeze.
Yeah.
I don't care if we're fated to be or not.
I can't just sit here and do nothing.
I can't just let her go without
even giving it a shot.
I have something to tell you, Ji Soo.
I'll wait for you at 1 o' clock
on Firefly Bridge.
[Text Sent]
It doesn't matter
what I call it
since it's not like
my feelings will change.
Happy birthday, Mr. Kang.
Ji Soo!
Han Ji Soo!
Mr. Kang.
I'll leave this here.
My feelings, I mean.
Who could it be?
[DramaFever Ver] E05 Longing Heart
-= Ruo Xi =-
Yeah, Big Sis?
Are you sick?
Yeah. I'll come over right now.
If I leave now
and take the ferry...
Please promise me one thing.
Don't ask me why.
You just have to do this for me, okay?
No matter what.
All right.
You'll be getting a call
from your sister soon.
And when you do...
you mustn't go to see her,
no matter what.
You mean, my kids' aunt?
You have to promise me this, okay?
Big Sis.
I'm sorry, but I don't think
I'll be able to come right now.
Yeah, I'm sorry, Big Sis.
Take care of yourself, okay?
How did Mr. Kang know
that I'd be getting this kind of call?
Hello?
Yes?
- Yes?
- Hello.
- You're here?
- Yes.
- It's a package for Shin Woo.
- I see.
- Can you sign, please?
- Sure.
- Thank you!
- Goodbye.
Did we get a package?
Your citizen ID card is finally here.
Oh, I was wondering when my son
would finally grow into a man.
And you're all grown now.
Are you going somewhere?
Huh?
Yeah.
I'm going to meet a friend.
- I'll be going now.
- Wait, wait!
Good luck.
Huh? Um... what do you mean?
I told you, I'm going to see a friend.
I'll be going now.
Oh, yeah!
Oh, I forgot to give him this.
How could he go out to the
battlefield without any ammo?
Did Shin Woo go somewhere, Mom?
He said he was going to
meet up with a friend.
Jeez, and I had something
to talk to him about, too.
He's such an idiot, leaving
things like this lying around!
This is his citizen ID card.
I saw Shin Woo's homeroom teacher,
and he had this with him.
But, do they reuse old cards to
make the new ones nowadays?
Why does it look so worn
when it's brand new?
But... Shin Woo's citizen ID card
arrived just now.
So, why does Mr. Kang have this?
- Mom!
- Oh, goodness!
You can't go, no matter what, okay?
Do you have bad knees, mom?
How did you know?
My homeroom teacher told me.
How is it that Mr. Kang knows me
better than my own son?
Come to think of of it, there were
some things about him that were weird.
He knows way too much about me.
And sometimes, he acted as if
he knew what was going to happen.
[Ji Soo]
This caller is unavailable.
Leave a message at the tone.
Did something happen to her?
It was difficult to fix this.
Please don't drop it again.
- It's all fixed now?
- Yes.
Thank you!
Here.
Is it a habit of yours to
not know how to apologize?
Oh my.
I'm oh-so-very sorry.
Isn't there another person you
should apologize to, besides me?
Who?
I heard from everyone else.
Everyone forgot about it since they
thought it was too boring to gossip about
but the person who smoked in
the bathroom that day was you.
How could you walk around with your head
held high after framing Shin Woo for it?
And you didn't apologize to him at all!
What about you, then?
Did you apologize to Kang Shin Woo?
What?
Oh, wait, no.
Maybe what you shouldn't be
doing is apologizing
but thanking him, instead.
What... are you talking about?
All right, I'll be up front with you.
I didn't frame Kang Shin Woo
for the cigarette incident.
He chose to take the blame for it.
All because of you.
Hey, Go Sung Jin.
Are you really going to sell this?
Give me a decent price for it, please.
What's gotten into you?
You love this thing.
I was told that I'd die
while riding this.
What?
You think I told you this
so that you could die?
No, I'm telling you so that
you can avoid dying.
How do you know something
that'll happen next year...
Don't ask me how I know.
You wouldn't get it even if I told you,
and I can't tell you anyway.
If it makes you feel better,
my instincts have been quite off lately.
You saw how I was wrong
about Kang Shin Woo.
Oh yeah.
I've taken care of the cigarette
incident, more or less.
Last time, you used an underhand
method to get your way
but this time, this is a
chance that I'm giving to you.
It's up to you whether you want to make
the most of this chance, or waste it.
So, do your best.
Why are you going to
such lengths for me?
I've developed some expectations,
after watching Kang Shin Woo.
If a person can change...
one's fate can probably change, too.
That kind of expectation.
Jeez, who said such an unlucky thing?
Oh, just a teacher
who isn't half-bad.
[September 30th, 2007]
Today is the day...
of my mother's death.
I didn't frame Kang Shin Woo
for the cigarette incident.
He chose to take on the blame.
Because of you.
Oh, I just had my reasons, is all.
The best option would've been to have
this settled after I got a beating.
He said that he's leaving
early in the morning.
And I thought that
you'd want to see him.
Tell me something else, too.
After all...
you need someone to
lend you an ear right now.
I have something to tell you, Ji Soo.
I'll wait for you at Firefly Bridge
at 1 o' clock tomorrow.
So look deep into your heart and
figure out who it is that you truly like.
Because, when you do...
this part of you, right here,
will send you a signal.
You were here like this,
this entire time?
You should've gone home
if I didn't send you a reply!
Or you could've asked me
to reschedule with you!
Why did you stay here, like this?
But, it's because
I was here, like this...
that you ended up
coming in the end.
You must be cold.
Let's go somewhere else.
What is it...
that you wanted to tell me?
What?
The thing you wanted to tell me.
What was it?
Could people's fates
really change...
when situations change,
and people change?
Hello?
Yes, hello.
I'm Shin Woo's homeroom teacher.
His mother is home right now, correct?
Oh, Mom headed out.
Um... where did she go?
She said she was
going to see you.
You said you were going to a
hospital off the island yesterday.
So she went to take the ferry.
N-no.
No.
What?
We have to hurry.
We have to hurry!
There's going to be an accident!
No!
[Kang Shin Woo]
This time, will I be able to stop fate...
which is escaping...
through my fingers,
like the wind?
Just a moment.
Hello?
Where are you right now,
Kang Shin Woo?
Mr. Kang?
I asked you where you are right now!
What's wrong?
Is something the matter?
Mom...
Mom is in danger.
Pardon?
Our mom is in danger!
"Our mom?"
What's going on?
What happened to your mom?
It's nothing.
But I think I have to go now.
Let's talk about this again later,
after I go take care of this.
I'll call you.
Shin Woo!
I just...
saw your mom,
not too long ago.
Mr. Kang!
Why are you still...
I'm going to borrow this for a bit.
Wait!
Mr. Kang!
Get in, Kang Shin Woo!
You were here this whole time, Mr. Kang?
Something came up.
But, what happened
to your mother, Mr. Kang?
Did something happen to her?
She was in an accident
10 years ago.
There was a huge accident
in which a ferry boat sank.
What does an accident from ten
years ago have to do with now?
That day from ten years ago is today
and our mom was on
that ferry that sank.
What do you mean...
What is this?
A cellphone from
10 years in the future.
Put your hand on it.
It'll only unlock with my fingerprint.
You said that this only unlocks
with your fingerprint, Mr. Kang.
So why is this unlocking
with my fingerprint...
Because it's the same fingerprint.
What?
You still don't understand
who I really am, Kang Shin Woo?
Um, not me, but my mother...
Hey, you punk! Despite everything,
I never sold out my mom!
How dare you do that
to our mom, you bastard!
Because of you, I've only come to
realize so many things just now!
And because of that, I'm filled with
more regret and remorse than you!
Shin Woo didn't do it.
I know this for a fact.
He definitely wasn't the one
who did this.
I told you, I definitely heard him
say with his own mouth
that he graduated from our high school!
But I can't find his name
or photo anywhere!
Could you be...
No way, this can't be.
- This can't be...
- Oh, but it can.
It can.
I'm right in front of you
right now, after all.
I'm the 28-year-old version of you,
from 10 years in the future.
Then, our mom right now is...
I tried to stop it.
But things ended up
this way again.
You'll get to see this face as much as
you want in the mirror, in ten years.
So focus on praying
right now instead.
Pray that things will end up
differently this time.
Has the 2 o' clock ferry left?
Yes, it left on time.
No.
You have to stop them!
Call them and stop that boat, right now!
Pardon?
That ferry will be involved
in an accident soon!
- Hurry up and stop it! Hurry!
- Yes, this is the ferry office.
Pardon?
I think there's been an accident.
- What?
- What's going on?
What happened?
Why are you all panicked?
Another boat has crashed into our ferry!
Yes.
No!
Please stay back!
- Goodness!
- Where are you going?
I can't let this happen.
I can't let things
end this way again.
It's possible that it could
be different this time.
It's possible that Mom didn't
take that boat this time!
No.
I know she was.
There was only that one ferry.
Things are exactly
the same as that day.
What are you planning to do?
I can't just let her go like
this for a second time!
Mr. Kang!
Why now?
Why here?
Why?
I need to make you a coupon
and give you stamps on it, Mr. Kang!
I've been running this place
for ten years now
and it's the first time
I've ever had a regular like you.
To me, this food right here is the most
delicious food in the whole world.
Oh, thank you so much.
I just stir-fried these,
Mr. Kang. Try it.
Oh, I'm sorry, but I have a nut allergy.
- Really?
- Yes.
You're exactly like our Shin Woo
in that way, too!
I mean, your names
are the same.
And your faces look
kind of similar, too!
Are you all right?
Shin Hee!
Bring us some water!
- Are you all right?
- Um, yes.
Hey, Shin Hee.
Take a look at Mr. Kang.
Doesn't he look just like our Shin Woo?
Which part?
You mean how he has two eyes,
one nose, and one mouth?
Jeez, she can be so harsh.
- Enjoy!
- All right. Thank you.
Is she really my one and
only blood-related sister?
Ugh.
Huh?
Mr. Kang?
Be good to your mother.
Pardon?
You didn't know, did you?
That the reason why your mother is taking
medicine is because she has bad knees.
My mom is?
How did you know that, Mr. Kang?
These things become really obvious
when you become an adult.
I only found this out about my
own mother after she passed away
and I was going through
her belongings.
And I saw the same medication
at your mother's store.
I won!
Aw, come on!
What was that?
You lied about that just now, didn't you?
Hey, you punk!
I'm not like you, who uses
his mother in his lies!
At any rate, I won.
So help your mom with the
store until it closes, okay?
This is not fair.
Let's play one more round.
This is our fifth game already!
All right, fine.
I'll hear you out.
What did you want
if you were to win, anyway?
Can I be honest?
Yeah.
I want to hit you like
this, just once.
- Oh, you!
- Ow!
You really are the type that
deserves to get hit.
Ugh.
Hey, hey, get up.
Get up.
- Get up!
- Ow! Ow!
Ow! Mom! The teacher is... ow!
- Give that to me, ma'am!
- Why?
- I'll do it.
- It's okay!
- No, I can do it.
- It's fine. Shin Woo? Do it.
Sweep.
Sweep here!
Hurry up and sweep this!
- He's not the type who'd do it.
- It's okay, ma'am.
It's all right.
He has to do it.
- Work hard, then!
- Hey, here!
Hurry up! Hurry up!
Hurry up and do this!
Wow, how cool!
- Goodness, look at him.
- Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
All right, I'll do it!
Subtitles by DramaFever
Stand by.
Cue!
- Give that to me, ma'am!
- Why?
- I'll do it.
- It's okay!
Oh gosh.
Doesn't it feel like our ears
are getting clogged up?
No, no.
Right now is fine.
There we go!
Oh!
Where are you shooting that from?
Wait.
- Whoa!
- Wait, wait!
Oh, this isn't right!
There we go.
I used to play the crane machine
games when I was young.
- Oh, crane machines?
- Let's roll!
All right, go!
I won!
What?
What was that?
What you just said
was a lie, right?
- Cut!
- Cue!
Cut, Shin Woo.
Okay.
Cue!
Oh no!
- Cut!
- What's wrong?
I'm so sorry!
Ow!
- Cut.
- Cut!
Oh gosh.
What do you think is in there?
A box.
- Just a box.
- Shall we do it over?
The bag!
Cue!
Ow!
Who the hell did that?
I'll do it now.
- Let's do it!
- All right, I'll do it now.
- All right, let's go!
- Go!
Ready?
Action!
Mister!
What are you doing?
That's dangerous!
Mister!
What year is this?
I'm not merely tired right now.
I might actually just die.
It honestly feels like
ice water in there.
Thank you, everyone!
[This romance that fills our hearts
with longing will continue on.]